What was the last picture you took with your phone?
Do you know any big gossipers?
Have you been pulled over by a cop?
Do you know your heritage?
What have you always wanted? Did you ever get it?
What kind of sickness have you lied about so you wouldn't go to work?
What was the last lie you told?
Have you ever danced in the rain?
What is your blood type?
Have you ever been in a car accident?
What was the weirdest prank call that you have made?
Best compliment you have received?
Do you trust anyone with your life?
What is your greatest strength or weakness?
What is your perfect pizza?
What was your first thought when you woke up this morning
Do you get along with your family? Why or why not?
Ugly and live forever, or attractive and die in a year?
You discover that your wonderful one year old child is because of a mix up at the hospital and not yours. Would you want to exchange the child to correct the mistake?
Would you be willing to lie to a court for a close friend if it meant saving your friend from going to jail for life?
Would you be willing to eat a bowl of crickets for 0,000?
If you could have anyone locked in a room so that you could torment them for a day, whom would you choose ad how would you torment them?
Do you feel that children should be sheltered from unhappiness?
If you could have personally witnessed anything, what would you want to have seen?
If you could wake up tomorrow in the body of someone else, who would you pick and what would you do?
If you could be any age for a week, what age would that be?
 What question do you hate to answer?
If you could only have one meal for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Where do you go to get on a computer?
 How do you start a conversation?
What keys on a keyboard do you not use?
If you had a brainwashing machine, who would you use it on?
You are walking home in the dark, you see something move. What/Who is it(guess)?      What do you do?
What is the strangest name someone has introduced themselves as to you? What is their real name?
Where were you 3 hours ago? Do you think someone was stalking you?
Have you ever eating a crayon, or glue? Or what strange thing have you eaten?
What type of music do you listen to? (Genre, artists, songs?)
What cheers you up?
What do you constantly think about that, either makes you sad or just anything?
Is there something you constantly lose at your hours or anywhere?
Do you have a favorite book or read much? Why or why not?
 What is the longest you have gone without sleep?
Do you have anyone you go to for advice? In person or online?
What is the habit you are proudest of breaking or want to break?
Is there anything I should know?
What do you order or not order at a restaurant you have been to or never been to?
What is your favorite word? Least favorite?
Describe something that's happened to you for which had no explanation.
What did you do for your latest birthday?
What holidays do you celebrate? Are you a religious person or not?
If you had to be named after a city, state, or country (etc), which would you want it to be?
Who is your hero?
Which do you use more often, the dictionary or the thesaurus?
Have you ever been stung by a bee?
Have you ever tipped a cow?
What's the sickest you have ever been?
Are you still learning who you are?
Are you afraid of heights? Or what are you afraid of?
Have you ever taken dance lessons? Who would you want to dance with?
What is the most memorable class you have ever taken?
Why?
What's your favorite knock-knock joke?
What is your favorite commercial?
If you could spend the day with any celebrity, who would it be?
What is your favorite breakfast food?
Do you like guacamole? Have you ever been in a food fight?
What is your favorite thing to spend money on?
What is the weirdest thing about you? Are you proud of it?
Ever been in love with 2 people at the same time? Do you think that's wrong?
Ever had any relatives in jail?
Glass half full or half empty? Or is the glass just malformed?
Mountains or the beach? View, or the tv?
Plain, train, or car? Boat, subway, or teleportation device?
If you could retire tomorrow, what would you do?
Ever sold/donated your blood? If you haven't do you want to?
Crowds, small groups, or &#8220;Go away, I'm a loner&#8221;?
Name the most terrifying moment of your life so far. Have you recovered from it?
What famous person do people tell you that you most resemble?
What is the strangest thing you have ever eaten?
If you could bring any person back to life, who would it be?
Do you believe honesty is the best policy?
What dead person would you least want to be haunted by?
Who would you most like to be stuck in an elevator with?
Who would you least like to be .?
What do you think Victoria's secret is?
Which cartoon character do you resemble the most?
Would you rather go a week without bathing, but be able to change your clothes? Or a week without changing your clothes but be able to bathe.
Which of the four seasons do you most love? Or Hate?
If you could choose your method of dying or where, what would they be?
If you had to be trapped in a tv show for a month, which would you choose?
List someone you know, and describe them in 5 words.
You can select one person from history and have them truthfully answer one question, who would you select and what is the question?
If you join the circus, what would you perform?
Is there anything purple within 10 feet of you? What is it?
 When was the last time you bought something? What was it?
Are you wearing socks right now?
Have you been to the movies in the last 5 days?
When was the last time you ran/went for a jog?
Your dream vacation? Worst vacation? Best vacation?
Worst injury you have had?
Grab the book nearest to you, turn to page 18, and find line 4.
Stretch your left arm out as far as you can, What can you touch?
Before you started this survey, what were you doing?
What is the last thing you watched on TV?
Without looking, guess what time it is
Now look at the clock. What is the actual time?
With the exception of the computer, what can you hear?
When did you last step outside? What were you doing?
Did you dream last night?
Do you remember your dreams?
When did you last laugh?
Do you remember why / at what?
What is on the walls of the room you are in?
Seen anything weird lately?
What is the last film you saw?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
If you became a multi-millionaire overnight, what would you buy?
Tell me something about you that most people don't know.
If you could change one thing about the world, regardless of guilt or politics, what would you do?
Do you like to dance?
Would you ever consider living abroad?
Does your name make any interesting anagrams?
Who made the last incoming call on your phone?
What is the last thing you downloaded onto your computer?
Last time you swam in a pool?
Type of music you like most?
Type of music you dislike most?
Are you listening to music right now?
What color is your bedroom carpet?
If you could change something about your home, without worry about expense or mess, what would you do?
What was the last thing you bought?
Have you ever ridden on a motorbike?
Would you go bungee jumping or sky diving?
Do you have a garden?
Do you really know all the words to your national anthem?
What is the first thing you think of when you wake up in the morning?
If you could eat lunch with one famous person, who would it be?
Who sent the last text message you received?
Which store would you choose to max out your credit card?
What time is bed time?
Have you ever been in a beauty pageant?
How many tattoos do you have? If you don't have any, have you ever thought of getting one?
What did you do for your last birthday?
Do you carry a donor card?
Who was the last person you ate dinner with?
Is the glass half empty or half full?
What's the farthest-away place you've been?
When's the last time you ate a homegrown tomato?
Have you ever won a trophy?
Are you a good cook?
Do you know how to pump your own gas?
If you could meet any one person (from history or currently alive), who would it be?
Have you ever had to wear a uniform to school?
Do you touch-type?
What's under your bed?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Think fast, what do you like right now?
Where were you on Valentine's day?
What time do you get up?
What was the name of your first pet?
Who is the second to last person to call you?
Is there anything going on this weekend?
How are you feeling right now?
What do you think about the most?
What time do you get up in the morning?
If you had A Big Win in the Lottery, how long would you wait to tell people?
Who would you tell first?
What is the last movie that you saw at the cinema?
Do you sing in the shower?
Which store would you choose to max out your credit card?
What do you do most when you are bored?
What do you do for a living?
Do you love your job?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
If you could have any job, what would you want to do/be?
Which came first the chicken or the egg?
How many keys on your key ring?
Where would you retire to?
What kind of car do you drive?
What are your best physical features?
What are your best characteristics?
If you could go anywhere in the world on vacation where would you go?
What kind of books do you like to read?
Where would you want to retire to?
What is your favorite time of the day?
Where did you grow up?
How far away from your birthplace do you live now?
What are you reading now?
Are you a morning person or a night owl?
Can you touch your nose with your tongue?
Can you close your eyes and raise your eyebrows?
Do you have pets?
How many rings before you answer the phone?
What is your best childhood memory?
What are some of the different jobs that you have had in your life?
Any new and exciting things that you would like to share?
What is most important in life?
What Inspires You?
How lucky are you and why?
If you were a pizza deliveryman how would you benefit from scissors?
If you could sing one song on American Idol, what would it be?
Are you more of a hunter or a gatherer?
If you were on an island and could only bring 3 things, what would you bring?
If you were a box of cereal, what would you be and why?
Do you believe in Big Foot?
Why is a tennis ball fuzzy?
What is your least favorite thing about humanity?
How honest are you?
If you were 80 years old, what would you tell your children?
You're a new addition to the crayon box, what color would you be and why?
How does the internet work?
If there was a movie produced about your life, who would play you, and why?
What's the color of money?
What was the last gift you gave someone?
What is the funniest thing that has happened to you recently?
Have you ever been on a boat?
As a kid, what did you want to be when you grew up?
What is your favorite class in school?
Do you do any extracurricular activities at school?
What do you like best about your job?
What do you like least about your job?
If you could change something about your job to make it better, what would it be?
Describe your dream job.
Do you play any sports?
What is your favorite sports team?
What do you like to do in your spare time?
Books, movies, TV shows, music, are all great topics to talk about.
What kind of music do you listen to?
What is a movie you like that most other people don't seem to like?
What is your favorite TV show of all time?
What was your favorite children's book?
What do you think about this crazy weather we're having?
Did you hear about the [News Event]?
What is your drink of choice?
What is your favorite fast food restaurant?
What do you usually eat for breakfast?
Do you like to cook?
If you could live anywhere in the world, where would you live?
Where was the last place you traveled to?
Tell me what your dream vacation would be.
If you had just won a million dollars, what would you do with it?
If you knew that you only had a year left to live, what would you do?
What is something you have never done but would like to do?
If you had three wishes, what would they be?
If you had the chance to start any business, what would it be?
Would you rather go a week without your phone or a week without your toothbrush?
If you could send a message to the whole world, what would it be?
If you had to pick a new name for yourself, what name would you pick?
What is more important to you, friends or family?
What is one weird thing about you?
Why did your parents give you the name ______?
What is something you would like to become better at?
Describe your perfect man/woman.
What was the last thing that you took a picture of?
What type of phone do you have?
How old would you be if you didn.t know how old you are?
Which is worse, failing or never trying?
If life is so short, why do we do so many things we don.t like and like so many things we don.t do?
When it.s all said and done, will you have said more than you.ve done?
What is the one thing you.d most like to change about the world?
If happiness was the national currency, what kind of work would make you rich?
Are you doing what you believe in, or are you settling for what you are doing?
If the average human life span was 40 years, how would you live your life differently?
To what degree have you actually controlled the course your life has taken?
Are you more worried about doing things right, or doing the right things?
You.re having lunch with three people you respect and admire.  They all start criticizing a close friend of yours, not knowing she is your friend.  The criticism is distasteful and unjustified.  What do you do?
If you could offer a newborn child only one piece of advice, what would it be?
Would you break the law to save a loved one?
Have you ever seen insanity where you later saw creativity?
What.s something you know you do differently than most people?
How come the things that make you happy don.t make everyone happy?
What one thing have you not done that you really want to do?  What.s holding you back?
Are you holding onto something you need to let go of?
If you had to move to a state or country besides the one you currently live in, where would you move and why?
Do you push the elevator button more than once?  Do you really believe it makes the elevator faster?
Would you rather be a worried genius or a joyful simpleton?
Why are you, you?
Have you been the kind of friend you want as a friend?
Which is worse, when a good friend moves away, or losing touch with a good friend who lives right near you?
What are you most grateful for?
Would you rather lose all of your old memories, or never be able to make new ones?
Is is possible to know the truth without challenging it first?
Has your greatest fear ever come true?
Do you remember that time 5 years ago when you were extremely upset?  Does it really matter now?
What is your happiest childhood memory?  What makes it so special?
At what time in your recent past have you felt most passionate and alive?
If not now, then when?
If you haven.t achieved it yet, what do you have to lose?
Have you ever been with someone, said nothing, and walked away feeling like you just had the best conversation ever?
Why do religions that support love cause so many wars?
Is it possible to know, without a doubt, what is good and what is evil?
If you just won a million dollars, would you quit your job?
Would you rather have less work to do, or more work you actually enjoy doing?
Do you feel like you.ve lived this day a hundred times before?
When was the last time you marched into the dark with only the soft glow of an idea you strongly believed in?
If you knew that everyone you know was going to die tomorrow, who would you visit today?
Would you be willing to reduce your life expectancy by 10 years to become extremely attractive or famous?
What is the difference between being alive and truly living?
When is it time to stop calculating risk and rewards, and just go ahead and do what you know is right?
If we learn from our mistakes, why are we always so afraid to make a mistake?
What would you do differently if you knew nobody would judge you?
When was the last time you noticed the sound of your own breathing?
What do you love?  Have any of your recent actions openly expressed this love?
In 5 years from now, will you remember what you did yesterday?  What about the day before that?  Or the day before that?
Decisions are being made right now.  The question is:  Are you making them for yourself, or are you letting others make them for you?
If you could be one for just 24 hours, what cereal box cartoon character would you be? Why?
What was the best thing that happened to you this weekend? 
What is your favorite animal? List three adjectives to explain your choice.
What is your favorite color? List three adjectives to explain your choice.
It's a very hot and muggy day. You desperately want something very cool and refreshing to quench your thirst and revitalize your body. What would you drink -- either make your own or store-bought.
You discover that the person you're head-over-heels interested in loves a good homemade & handmade dessert. What will you concoct when you have this person over?
What would you leave in your will for the person you care about the most?
What do you consider to the most valuable thing you own: when you were a child/teenager/now?
What's the kindest act you have ever seen done (either to/by you or another)?
If you could have any job in the world, which one would you want? 
What were your best/worst subjects in school and what subjects would you want to learn now?
What are you most talented at? What is your worst nightmare today?
How often do you clean between your toes?
What is your favorite way to waste time at work without getting caught?
If you could have had the starring role in one film already made, which movie would you pick?
If you were to perform in the circus, what would you do? 
If you could eliminate one thing you do each day in the bathroom so that you never had to do it again, what would it be?
You were just given a yacht. What would you name it?
If you could have been told one thing that you weren't told when you were a teenager, what would you like to have heard?
You've just been hired to a promotions position at Kellog Co. What would you put in a new breakfast cereal box as a gimmick?
Just like Everybody Wang Chung tonight!, what action would your name be if it were a verb? Answer for others in your group -- not yourself.
Name your favorite song.
If you were to get a tattoo, what would it say or what would the graphic be?
If you could play any musical instrument, what would it be and why? If you already play an instrument(s), what do you play and why?
When trick-or-treating as a kid, was there any kind of candy that you didn't like to get?
Why do you live in the Washington DC area?
What is your favorite memory of Christmases past?
What is the most outrageous thing you've done for God?
If a movie was being made of your life and you could choose the actor/actress to play you, who would you choose and why?
Paper or plastic?
What was the weirdest food you've ever eaten?
What do you keep in the trunk of your car?
When you were in grade school, what did you want to be when you grew up? Why?
If you owned a CB radio what would your handle be?
If you were given 24 hrs to live, what would you do?
If you were in the Miss America talent competition, what would your talent be? (Note: both guys & gals have to answer this question)
What do you think the most ultimate gift of the world is.
Tell something that nobody in the group knows about you.
What is your earliest childhood memory?
What was your favorite TV show when you were growing up? 
If you had one extra hour of free time a day, how would you use it?
What CD is in your CD player right now?
The great theologian Andy Warhol stated that everyone gets 15 minutes of fame.  What happened during your 15 minutes?
Name the most famous person you've had a face to face encounter with (brush with greatness).
Name your favorite children's story.
If you could spend 15 minutes with any living person, who would it be and why?
What person in the Bible do you most closely identify with?
What article of clothing most closely describes your personality?
If you were to write a book what would it be about?
How many rings before you answer the phone?
What is the first thing you think of when you wake in the morning?
If you won a million dollars, what would you do with it?
If you had to, what part of your body would you get pierced?
Who was your favorite teacher and why?
What makes you feel the most secure?
Who do you admire the most?
Have you ever had a reoccurring dream? What was it
What was your nickname growing up or now?
Who was your hero when you were a child, and what did you do to be like them?
Peanut or plain?
What is your favorite cartoon character & why?
Who inspires you and how are you a bit like them?
How did you learn to ride a bicycle?
Based on something you've already done, how might you make it into the Guinness Book of World Records? 
What's the closest you've come to becoming a pop star/winning an Oscar?
When was the last time you did something for the first time?  What was it?
If you knew you could not fail, what would you do?
What is your concept of a fruitful day?
What was your favorite thing to play with as a child? Why?
If you could be any animal in the world for 24 hours, which animal would you be? Why?
Have you ever jumped out of a plane?
If you could rid the world of one thing, what would it be?
What is your best personal characteristic?
What is your favorite quote?
If you could be invisible for a day, what would you do?
What is your favorite weird food combination?
If you had to be a flower, which one would you like to be and why?
If you were stranded on a desert island, what three books and three people would you take with you? Why?
What was your favorite childhood toy?
My biggest pet peeve is...
What is your favorite commercial? What commercial annoys you the most?
What's the most interesting Ice Breaker Question you have ever been asked?
If you could be an ice cream flavor, what would it be? Why?
Name a turning point in your life that makes you smile/cry.
If there were a holiday in your honor what would it celebrate?
What clubs were you a member of in High School? Are you still interested in any of the same things?
If you were to be on a reality TV show which one would you be on and why?
If you could be anything in the world, what would you be and why?
If someone rented a billboard for you, what would you put on it?
If you had to enter a competition for the Most Uselessly Unique Talent, what would your talent be?
If you were a Smurf, what would your name be?
What is your worst personality characteristic?
If you had to be a teacher of something, what would you teach?
How would you like to be remembered?
What is one thing that you constantly think about (other than material things)?
What did you like best about your hometown?
Something interesting you might not know about me is...
What do you think is best feeling in the world?
If you could have written any book, what book would you like to have written?
What is your most favorite pair of shoes ever? Explain.
What's your favorite sport?
What's your middle name?  Why?
Which member of your family has had the greatest influence on your current way of thinking?
What dessert describes you the best and why?
What kind of music do you like?
What is your favorite animal?
What do you keep in your wallet aside from money, cards and pictures?
What punctuation mark best describes your personality? Why?
If you could plan your ultimate vacation, where would you go?
What is something you have that is of sentimental value?
What is your most embarrassing moment?
Listener or talker?
Can you comfortably eat in a restaurant by yourself? Go to movie?
What was the first car you drove?
What do you miss most about childhood?
What one thing (modern convenience) could you not live without?
If you could meet anyone from history, who would you meet and why?
What was the first live concert you ever attended?
What was your longest relationship and why did it end?
Is the glass half empty or half full? What is in the glass?
If you could be one kind of beer which one would you be and why?
Where do you see yourself in ten years?
What is the worst possible name to call a child?
If you could meet anyone from the Bible who would it be and what would you ask them? (Besides Jesus)
If you could snap your fingers and appear somewhere else, where would you be?
If you could date any celebrity, who would it be and why?
What specific thing have you done that impressed yourself?
If you could switch bodies with a certain celebrity, who would it be and why?
If you could fly to a different time zone, which one would you fly to? Why?
What cartoon character best represents your personal philosophy?
What's your passion?
What does your room look like?
What internet site do you surf to the most?
If you could only where one color for the rest of your life, what would it be and why?
If you could have one super human power, what would it be?
If you could be any color in a Crayola box, what color would you be and why?
Would you rather be really hot or really cold?
What was in your high school locker?
I was once mistaken for ...
What is the best/worst pick up line you have ever heard?
What is the weirdest gift you have ever received?
If there was a whole different concept of reality (like The Matrix) what would it be?
Where would you like to retire and why?
What is one secret that you haven't told anyone?
What is the craziest (or stupidest) thing you have ever done?
What is your favorite season?
What's the best dinner you ever had?
Who has been the biggest inspiration in your life? Why?
Which of Snow White's 7 dwarfs describes you best and why? (Doc, Happy, Bashful, Sleepy, Sneezy, Grumpy, Dopey)
If you were attending a Halloween party, what would your costume be and why?
What do you feel is your most attractive physical feature?
If you were on death row, what would your last meal be?
Name 3 things you think will become obsolete in ten years.
Tell two truths and one lie about yourself to the others in your group.  Everyone try and guess the lie.
If I wasn't afraid I would _________ (What?)
What is a song for which you thought you knew the words and later found out that you had them wrong? (For example, I always used to sing the theme song to Top Gun. Highway to the Danger Zone. as .I went to the danger zone.)
What was the worst whoop.n or punishment your parents ever gave you?
What was your worst summer or part-time job?
If given a chance to get back at something during the past, what will be that time and why?
What mountain would you want to climb someday?
Best or worst experience at summer camp
Name a pet you have owned and how you came to name him/her.
Describe an interesting experience you had the last time your power went out.
What.s your favorite line from any movie?
What is the best or most interesting class you have ever taken in high school, college or graduate school?
What famous person do you know or have met personally?
If you had unlimited money and space, what one thing would you add to your bedroom?
Who was your first big crush? Why did you like this person? Did he/she like you back?
What is a fashion trend that you used to wear (in the 70s, 80s, etc.) that you would now be embarrassed to wear?
If you could go only to one restaurant for the next five years, which would it be?
What is something you have lost that you have never found, or were tremendously relieved when you did find it?
Best dessert you have ever had?
What is one of the strangest southern expressions you have heard (or other idiomatic expression)?
What is your favorite breakfast?
If you had the opportunity to live one year of your life over again, which year would you choose?
Do you wake up to a CD, the radio, or a buzzer?
What is set as the background on your computer?
What magazine(s) do you subscribe to?
If you were a professional wrestler, what would your ring name be and why?
On Saturdays, I like to...
Where would you like to be a missionary to?
What's better -- toilet paper rolled over top or underneath?
Which Scooby-Doo character are you most like (Scooby, Shaggy, Daphne, Fred, Velma, the monster, Scrappy?)
If you had to endure one natural disaster (i.e. hurricane, tornado, etc), what would you pick and why?
What movie or TV show do you take guilty pleasure in watching?
If you had to describe your day as a traffic sign, what would it be?
What traditional stereotype would you classify yourself as?
What group did you belong to in high school?
If you wrote a book about yourself...what would it be about?
List 10 items everyone in the group has in common.
If your house were burning down, what would you take and why?
Describe your favorite pair of PJ's
How many handbags do you own?
If this were your last day alive, what would you say to each person in the group?
What is your very favorite part of your day?
What is your best scar? Tell the story of how you got it.
You win a million dollars, but you have to give half to a charity. Which charity do you pick, and what do you do with the rest of the money?
Describe your dream wedding where money is no option.
What kind of deodorant do you use?
If you were a spy what would your alias be?
Do you have a birth mark? Where? Does it look like anything?
You are planning the most awesome dinner party of your life. Which 3 celebrities/historical figures (past or present) would you add to your guest list to keep the dinner talk interesting?
What is your favorite sport, and which team of that sport do you cheer for?
Which would you rather have a kiss or a hug? Why?
If you could be a pair of jeans what style would you be?  Why?
You have multiple personalities, describe some of them.
What is the best thing you have done in your life?
Name three things that this group doesn't know about you, (and only two of which are true...)
If you were blind for the rest of your life... what would you miss seeing the most?
What household chore do you hate the most?
What is your most disappointing moment in life?
When have you laughed the hardest? Cried?
If you had a theme song that played whenever you walk into a room full of people, what would it be?
What is the first thing you notice about the opposite sex?
What time period from the past would you most have liked to live in and why?
What is the best reward anyone can give you?
If you had a band what would you name it?
Do you like fruit?  Vegetables?
What can someone do to encourage you?
If you could be a film character, who would you be?
If you were a pirate, what would your name be?
Pen or Pencil?
Crunchy Peanut Butter or Smooth?
What is one thing about you people would be surprised to learn?
If you could be any kitchen appliance, what would it be and why?
Would you rather go the short way slow, or take the long way fast if you got there in the same amount of time?
Where did you live at age five? What kind of car did you have? How was your home heated?
2%, 1% or skim milk?
Would you live in space if you could never come back to earth?
Would you rather always be in a crowd, or be the only person on earth?
What was your favorite decade? (50's, 60's, 70's, 80's, etc.)
Would you rather be rich, or famous? Why?
If you were God: _______________
Do you squeeze the toothpaste from the top or the bottom?
If you could only have one thing on a deserted island what would it be?
Who was your first love? What age, grade, etc.
Helmann's or Miracle Whip?
Describe your past week as a type of landscape or a weather forecast.
Ask the person next to you a question that you have always wanted to know about them.
If you had the choice between an RV, a sports car, an SUV, or a bicycle, which would you choose and why?
What kind of hat describes your personality?
When you were in elementary school, what was your favorite activity at recess?
If you had to move out of this country, what country would you move to? Why?
Coffee or Tea?
Why is your favorite color?  Why?
How many children do you want? Girls or boys?
Describe your ideal romantic date?
Say one nice compliment about someone in this room.
Who is your best friend? Tell us about him/her.
Have you ever been in love?  For how long?  How many times?
If you could travel anywhere in the world, where would you go?
If you had to lose one of your five senses, which one of them would you prefer to lose and why?
Is there a story behind your name?  What is it?
What was one of the most fun things you and your college roommate did together?
If you could live anywhere for one year, all expenses paid, where would you live?
What's your favorite song to karaoke to?
When you were 6 years old, what did you want to be when you grew up?
If you had to paint the whole world only one color what would it be and why?
What was the worst smell you have ever smelled?
What takes you out of your comfort zone?
If you were on the cover of a magazine, which one would it be and why?
If you could be laid to rest anywhere, where would it be?  Why?
Do you make your bed every morning or do you leave it unmade?
What is your favorite video game?
Name one thing that you couldn't live without.
Pool side or beach?
If you had to be one or the other, would you rather be blind or deaf?  Why?
When you are using the bathroom at someone else's house, do you leave anything behind different than it was when you got there?
If you were a piece of fruit, what fruit would you choose to be?
Would you rather meet the love of your life, knowing he/she will die within a year, or go without meeting him/her?  Explain.
When's the last time you cried?  Why?
Sitting alone in a big field, looking at stars, what do you think/feel?
Which one physical feature would you change if you could?
If you could be cat or dog, which one would you be and why?
What is your favorite guilty pleasure?
Name one important characteristic you look for in someone you consider a friend.
What was your favorite age and why?
What's one of your favorite things to do when you have a night off?
What.s your favorite way to celebrate an accomplishment?
If you were to perform in the circus, what would you do?
What kind of toothpaste do you use?
If you could be a professional at any sport, what would it be?
What is your favorite holiday?
What was your favorite childhood toy?
Who would you like to play your life story in a movie?
If there was only one left of your most favorite things to eat, would you let your best friend have it or yourself?  Why or why not?
If you could drive/ride/or fly anything to work, what would it be?  Why?
What is your favorite candy?  Explain.
What scares you the most?
If you were a tree, what kind of tree would you be and why?
Which animal represents you the best and why?
If you were the eighth dwarf, what would your name be?
If you could, would you become the President? Why or why not?
If you were elected mayor of your city, what would be your first improvement, and why?
What is your favorite way to express yourself and why?
If you were a piece of furniture what would you be?  Why?
What are you thankful for?
If you had a magic lamp and a genie who granted you 3 wishes, what would the 3 wishes be?
Are there any interesting things your name spells with the letters rearranged?
How many siblings do you have? Are you the oldest, a middle child, or youngest?
If you could be any superhero, which one would you be and why?
What are your favorite pizza toppings?
Describe your worst day...
If you could be anywhere, doing anything right now, where would you be and what would you be doing?
What's your favorite fabric and why?
What CD(s) is in your radio right now?
What is your favorite pop/soda?
Name the song title that best describes your life.
You are chosen to make dinner for a very special guest. What will you cook?
What was the best year of your life? Why?
If you could ask God a question what would it be?
What's the worst trouble you got into when you were young? What did you do?
What.s more important to you.the ride or the destination?
If you had to give up one food forever, what would it be?
What is the scariest thing you have ever done for fun?
If you could have any super power what would it be and why?
If you could listen to only one CD for the rest of your life, what would it be?
Broken toe or broken finger?
Using only one word, name something significant about your life today.
Would you rather be rich or famous? Why?
If your house was on fire, what one thing would you take? (assuming family and pets got out OK)
If you could go bowling with any three people- dead or alive- Who would you take and why?
Is the milk glass half full or half empty and why?
In a fire who would you save, a sibling or five strangers?
What's your favorite ice cream flavor?
What are your three favorite smells?
If you were a lip gloss flavor, what would you be and why?
Did you ever consider becoming a teacher? Why or why not?
What book has influenced you greatly? How?
What is your favorite restaurant and why?
What is your favorite time of day?
What is your favorite season?
If you could bring one person back from heaven who would it be and why?
Who is your favorite actor / actress, and why?
What one rule did you always disagree with growing up?
What would you do if you really really liked someone and after a while of hanging out you discovered that they did not believe in God?
If someone gave you an island - What would you name it? Would you live there? What would you do with it?
Would you rather live to be 100 and sick, or live to be 50(dying from a freak accident) and healthy?
Where did you meet your mate?
If you could spend your last hours of life with anyone, doing anything, who would you choose and what would you do?
If you could have one thing to drink before you died what would it be? and why?
Do you believe in ghosts or evil spirits? Why?
If you were a tree what type would you be, where would you be and why?
What was the first record or CD that you bought?
What do you have in your bag/wallet that best describes your personality?
If you were a super hero what would your special power be and why?
What is your favourite cheese?
What was your favourite game when you were a kid?
Who was your favourite teacher at school - why?
Describe a word beginning with the first letter of your name that sums you up?
What is your favorite number?
What is your biggest fear or phobia?
Did you have a nickname growing up? What was it and why were you called that?
What is your favorite movie and why?
If you see your Maker at this point, what would You want Him to say as a welcome? Why?
Would you rather lead or follow? Why?
What is your favorite winter activity?
What is something you can do better than anyone else you know?
I wish everyone would________________.
What's your favorite song to sing in Karaoke? Why?
If you had to be handcuffed to one person for an entire month, who would it be?
If you could have a child with any famous person alive, who would it be? What would you name him/her?
What is your favorite song to sing in the shower?
Ketchup or mustard?
What is your idea of a great dessert?
If you could be a cocktail, what cocktail would you be and why?
What is your favorite smell?
Have you ever had the Police called on you? If so - why?
If you had one song to play at your wedding what would it be?
What did you eat for breakfast?
What's your favorite type of house? Describe it.
If you were a pro wrestler, what would your name be?
Name a major life experience that made you who you are today?
What clubs where you involved in during High School and College?
If you could take back something hurtful you've once said to someone, what would it be?
What could you do to improve your life?
If you could ask God one question, what would it be?
The worst lie I ever told was?
If you could have a celebrity entourage with 3 celebrities, who would they be?
If you could go back and change your career path what would you be doing now?
If you could fly or breathe under water what would you prefer?
If you could only take three people in an island on this group, whom will it be?
If you could live to the age of 90 and either retain your looks or brains you had at 30, what would you keep?
If you moved to Sesame Street, who would you want as your neighbor? Why?
What is your dream job?
what was the most embarrassing thing you have done while on a date?
If you could change one current event in the world what would it be and why?
If you could have a condiment dispensed from your navel, what would it be? (Editor: I can't stop laughing about this one. How come the poster didn't also ask Why?)
What's the oldest piece of clothing you still own and wear?
What do you look for in a friend?
What's the most important thing to you in life?
What type of music relaxes you the most?
What is the best gift anyone's ever given you?
How many dates do you go on with someone before you introduce them to your parents?
What TV game show would you want to go on?
If you cold ask Noah one question, what would it be?
Name a favorite sound, past or present.
What famous line did your parents use over and over?
If you auditioned for American Idol, what song would you sing?
If you could time travel, where would you go, and what would you do?
Why do you (or don't you) vote?
If you were given the opportunity for free skydiving lessons would you take them? Why or why not?
What is the hardest choice you have ever had to make? What was the outcome?
If you had to lose one of your senses, what would you choose? Why?
Do you prefer sweet or salty snacks?
In what month did you file your tax return this year?
Hit the couch or hit the treadmill?
If you could instantly become fluent in another language, what would that language be and why?
How many languages do you you speak?
What is your favorite made up word from your childhood or that of one of your children? What does it mean?
What is your favorite Disney tune?
If I could live in any other time period of the past, it would be (and tell us why):
Number of auto accidents I have been in:
I'm at my silliest when:
What do you love most about living in this country?
I still can't believe I once:
Of all of the Gilligan's Island characters, I am most like (and tell us why):
The furthest I have traveled was to:
What is the craziest thing you've done lately?
What do you dislike about failure? What can you learn from it?
Did you ever go against a fashion rage? Why?
Once, just to attract attention, I...
One of the jealous times of my life was...
Share an experience where you felt out of place.
What type of partner would you choose for yourself?
Which of your parents rules do you appreciate the most? Why?
Tell us one of the worst fights you ever got into?
What childish things do you still do as adult?
What questions would you NOT like others to ask you?
One major problem I had to solve this year was...
What obstacles do you find when trying to become a close friend to someone of the opposite sex?
What do you do when you're home.
Share the biggest argument you had with your parents.
Tell us about your unusual hobby?
What was the worst advice you ever gave?
One of the worst ways I ever reacted to a declaration of love was...
If you can give one sentence advice about how to live life, what would it be?
How do you express your anger to your enemy? To your best friends? To a parent?
One particular day/night that I wanted to last forever was...
What are your limitations and potentials?
Cite a situation wherein you felt life had been unfair to you?
Once I ran away from home. Here's the story...
Would you dare to sleep in haunted house overnight?
What are your goals for living?
Describe the most inappropriate present that you received.
What fantasy would you like to live out? Why?
What is the funniest story your mother tells about you?
Have you ever said something you regretted, but were then glad you said it?
Have you ever said something you regretted, but were then glad you said it?
If you could have any kind of a job in the entertainment industry, what do you think you would do best?
If I asked your high school friends what they thought you would be doing today, what would they say?
My scariest nightmare was:_________
What was the worst concert you went to (who and when)?
What was the best concert you went to (who and when)?
If you had your own talk show, who would your first three guests be?
Three things I think will become obsolete in 10 years:
When people look at me, they would never guess that I: (What?)
My favorite unusual food combination is:
Favorite Quote:
What is the furthest you have traveled?
Who was your favorite band, group, or solo when you were in high school?
If you could be invisible for one day, where would you like to be?
What's the best sound effect you can make? Do it.
What do you miss most about being a kid?
What is your favorite tradition? (family tradition, church tradition, whatever)
Tell about the last time you had to ask for help.
What CD would your friends be surprised that you own?
Would you ever be on a reality TV show? Why/why not? If you would, which one?
When was your worst/most recent/dramatic/(whatever) car trouble?
Do you think Jesus will come again in your lifetime?
Where did you grow up? (Editor: Simple. No one's posted this until now?!)
If you were stranded on a deserted island with one book, what would you want that book to be?
Did you have a collection of some kind as a child? If so, what was it?
What is your favorite thing to do in the summer? Winter?
If you could mix three animals together, which ones would you choose to make the ultimate animal?
You have to wear a t-shirt with one word on it for the rest of your life. Which word do you choose?
What are your three favorite spices?
What is the weirdest (unusual) thing you've ever eaten?
How many places have you lived? You can share the number of physical residences and/or the number of cities.
What was your first job where you got paid by someone other than your parents?
What is your favorite memory with someone other than family
what was the most mischievous thing you did as a child?
when did you last climb a tree?
How many brothers and sisters do you have? What's your birth order?
If you were a shoe, what kind would you be and why??
What's the funniest thing you did as a kid that your parents still talk about to this day?
If you could be one Disney character who would you be and why?
If you could be a cookie what kind of cookie would you be?
What sub-atomic particle would you be? Why?
Has modern technology enhanced or complicated your life? Why?
How much do you spend on hair and/or nails each month?
What is your favorite table or board game?
Are you a Country mouse or a City mouse? Why?
Name all the vehicles you have owned in your adult life.
What is your favorite house decor style? Traditional, Contemporary, Country, Colonial? Why?
Are you a planner or a procrastinator? Give an example?
Would you rather plan a party or attend one? Why?
If you could attend any college, free of charge, what college would that be and what major would you pursue? Why?
List the food items you take at a salad bar.
How many doors do you have in your house?
What is your favorite soup? Why?
Tell about a collection you have now.
What was the cheapest gas price you can remember? What year was that?
Have you ever gone back to the town where you grew up in? If yes, how has it changed? Is your old house still there?
Name all the kinds of trees in your yard right now?
Do you like silver or gold jewelry? Why?
When was the last time you went bowling?
Are you a front seat driver or a back seat driver?
Other than pizza, what is a favorite Italian dish?
If you were handed free opera tickets, would you go or sell them? Why?
Do you like the mountains, coastline or the plains? Why?
What is the farthest road trip you have taken? To where and how long was it?
What was the highest grocery bill you ever had?
What is your favorite kind of pie? Describe taking a bite using three adjectives.
Name two words you always seem to spell incorrectly. Try to spell it now!
Do you enjoy going shopping for clothes? Why or why not?
What was the title of the last self-help book you read? Did it help?
How often do you bid on Ebay? What was the last item you won?
Do you like store-bought things or handmade things? Why?
When you lose electricity in a storm, do you light the candles or turn on the flashlight? How many of each do you own?
Have you ever been a participant in a parade? What did you do?
Where were you when you had your fist kiss?
What was your last thought before going to sleep?
What is your first thought in the morning?
What would you rather: glasses or contacts?
If you could be permanently one color for the rest of your life, what color would it be & why?
If you can thank God for one thing in your life, what would it be?
If you were to be a natural element, which would you rather be: fire or water?
What is in the trunk of your car right now?
If you were an American Gladiator what would your name be?
What was your favorite 80s movie?
What was the most mischievous April Fool.s prank you.ve done?
Say your first middle and last name with the letters flipped? (Example... John Lee Smith--- Nohj Eel Htims)
If they made a movie of your life who would play you?
When was the last time you had a dream? What was it about?
If you had to choose between being deaf or blind which would you choose and why?
If you were to die tomorrow, what would your tombstone say?
If you could perform in the Olympics, what would you like to do?
Would you rather spend the rest of your life in love with a rich person or a poor person?
It's Saturday morning. What's the first thing you do when you wake up.
If you could erase one day in history which one would it be and why?
If we Googled your name what would we see?
If you had one free day to do anything you want, what would you do?
Do you prefer eating the frosting of the cupcake or the cupcake first?
If you were a color what color would you be? Why?
If you could live in any sitcom, what would it be?
What song most describes your life right now?
Which way do you eat corn on the cob?
What is something unexpected that has changed about you in the last few years?
Would you ever loan a significant amount of money to a friend/relative ? Why or why not?
Would you ever use a dating service (match.com, e-harmony, etc.) to find someone? Why/Why not.
What can you always be found with?
So you win a pet monkey at a fair, but this isn't just any old monkey. It can do one trick for you whenever you want from getting a pop out of the fridge to washing your hair. What would be the trick?
If you were a llama, where would you get your hair cut?
If you could invent a gadget what will it be and why?
If you could visit any place in the world where would it be and why?
What is the longest book you ever read?
When did you last write a hand written letter?
Is animal testing a justified?
Is the death penalty appropriate?  Or should it be banned?
Should cell phones be used during class?
Should laptops be allowed in classrooms?
Is global warming an issue?
Is there good reason for the American war on terror?
Does school detention do any good in high schools?
What impact does social networking and social networking sites have on society?
Is euthanasia justified?
Are video games containing violence appropriate for children?
Are single sex schools more effective than co-ed schools?
Is television an effective tool in building the minds of children?
Should jobs be subcontracted into developing countries?
Is cloning animals ethical?
Is the grading system used in high school effective?
Do celebrities get away with more crime than non-celebrities?
Is it justified to develop nuclear energy for commercial use?
Is it effective to censor parts of the media?
Are humans to blame for certain animal extinctions?
Are alternative energy sources effective and justified?
Do school uniforms make school a more effective place to learn?
Is drug testing athletes justified?
Is it appropriate for adolescents to be sentenced to life without parole?
Should high schools provide daycare services for students who have children?
Are social networking sites effective, or are they just a sophisticated means for stalking people?
Is torture justified when used for national security?
Should cell phones be banned in schools?
Is peer pressure harmful or beneficial to individuals?
Should violent video games be banned?
Should the death penalty be taken away completely?
Are beauty pageants a way to objectifying women?
Should cigarettes be banned from society?
Is it unethical to eat meat?
Should homework be banned?
Can people move in together before they are married?
Do celebrities make for bad role models?
Are credit cards are more harmful than debit cards?
Should the concept of zoos should be nullified?
Should fried foods come with a warning?
Should sex education be banned in middle schools?
All schools should make it a requirement to teach arts and music to their students?
Should juveniles be tried and treated as adults?
Is human cloning justified, and should it be allowed?
Has nuclear energy destroyed our society?
Should parents not purchase war or destruction type toys for their children?
Should animal dissections be banned in schools?
Should plastic bags be banned?
Are humans too dependent on computers?
Are security cameras an invasion of our privacy?
Should gay marriages be legalized?
Is co-education a good idea?
Does money motivates people more than any other factor in the workplace?
Is it ethical for companies to market their products to children?
Is age an important factor in relationships?
Should school attendance be made voluntary in high school?
Is the boarding school system beneficial to children?
Are curfews effective in terms of keeping teens out of trouble?
Should libraries have a list of books that are banned?
Will posting students. grades on bulletin boards publicly motivate them to perform better or is it humiliating?
Do school uniforms help to improve the learning environment?
How far is competition necessary in regards to the learning process?
Can bullying in schools be stopped? How so?
Is it important for all schools to conduct mandatory drug testing on their students?
Who is more complicated gender: men or women?
Should humans eat to live or live to eat?
Do video games cause bad behavior in children?
Should older women be allowed to marry younger men?
Is it better to be honest and poor or dishonest and rich?
Do nice girls finish last?
Do nursery rhymes have secret interior meanings?
What are the advantages of being a man over a woman?
Which of these two are more real . pirates or ninjas?
Do vampires get AIDS from sucking blood that is affected?
Which is better: daydreaming or night dreaming?
Do you think the United States will never have a woman President?
Did God create the universe or did it just occur naturally?
Do we have less face-to-face interaction because of Facebook?
Is there life after death?
Are we aliens of some sort?
What are the best dating techniques out there?
What are the advantages of bottled water vs. regular water?
Which is a better show: Vampire Diaries or FRIENDS?
What is the best pizza topping?
Are Batman and Superman misleading idols?
Which is better: Rock n Roll music or Hip Hop?
Which is better: Harry Potter or Twilight?
Which is the best season of the year?
Is it better to date someone attractive and popular or intelligent and smart?
Which is better to have as a pet: a cat or a dog?
Who is more complicated gender: men or women?
Should humans eat to live or live to eat?
Do video games cause bad behavior in children?
Should older women be allowed to marry younger men?
Is it better to be honest and poor or dishonest and rich?
Do nice girls finish last?
Do nursery rhymes have secret interior meanings?
What are the advantages of being a man over a woman?
Which of these two are more real . pirates or ninjas?
Do vampires get AIDS from sucking blood that is affected?
Which is better: daydreaming or night dreaming?
Do you think the United States will never have a woman President?
Did God create the universe or did it just occur naturally?
Do we have less face-to-face interaction because of Facebook?
Is there life after death?
Are we aliens of some sort?
What are the best dating techniques out there?
What are the advantages of bottled water vs. regular water?
Which is a better show: Vampire Diaries or FRIENDS?
What is the best pizza topping?
Are Batman and Superman misleading idols?
Which is better: Rock n Roll music or Hip Hop?
Which is better: Harry Potter or Twilight?
Which is the best season of the year?
Is it better to date someone attractive and popular or intelligent and smart?
Which is better to have as a pet: a cat or a dog?
